Everyone who has studied finance knows
this model. It shows you the best
combination of assets, the ideal market
portfolio with the highest riskreward
ratio. Then you move across the capital
market line and adjust your leverage
based on your risk capital. Higher the
leverage, higher the expected return.
What nobody told me at UNI is that in
trading works very similarly, but
instead of choosing the ideal asset
portfolio, they choose the ideal
strategy portfolio. Institutional
traders treat each strategy as its own
asset. They select the ones to run in
production based on the combination that
gives overall the best risk adjusted
return. And once you have that mix, you
scale your position sizes according to
the risk you want to take. Exactly. I
adjusting the leverage in the cap and